Update Xero-Troubleshooting.md (#47285)
Expensify/App: docs/articles/new-expensify/connections/xero/Xero-Troubleshooting.md

---
title: Xero Troubleshooting
description: More to Come Soon
---

## Report won’t automatically export to Xero

If an error occurs during an automatic export to Xero:

> - You’ll receive an email detailing the error. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You'll receive an email detailing the error. 
```

- The error will appear in the related Workspace Chat, indicated by a red dot next to the report. 

> - For auto-sync errors, a message will be posted in the related #admins room. The message contains a link to the workspace’s accounting settings where an explanation for the error appears next to the connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For auto-sync errors, a message will be posted in the related #admins room. The message contains a link to the workspace's accounting settings where an explanation for the error appears next to the connection.
```

An error on a report will prevent it from automatically exporting. 

## How to resolve

> Open the expense and make the required changes. Then an admin must manually export the report to Xero by clicking the heading at the top of the expense and selecting Export. Then they’ll select Xero. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open the expense and make the required changes. Then an admin must manually export the report to Xero by clicking the heading at the top of the expense and selecting Export. Then they'll select Xero. 
```

> ![Insert alt text for accessibility here]({{site.url}}/assets/images/Xero_help_02.png){:width="100%"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![App screenshot: Danny's Donuts owes $200, with export option highlighted]({{site.url}}/assets/images/Xero_help_02.png){:width="100%"}
```

> ![Insert alt text for accessibility here]({{site.url}}/assets/images/Xero_help_03.png){:width="100%"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![App screenshot: Export options showing Xero integration and manual entry, with the Xero integration option highlighted]({{site.url}}/assets/images/Xero_help_03.png){:width="100%"}
```

## Unable to manually export a report

To export a report, it must be in the Approved, Closed, or Reimbursed state. If it is in the Open state, clicking Export will lead to a notification that the data is not yet available for export. 

> ![Insert alt text for accessibility here]({{site.url}}/assets/images/Xero_help_04.png){:width="100%"}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![App screenshot: Export blocked due to draft or unpaid expenses]({{site.url}}/assets/images/Xero_help_04.png){:width="100%"}
```

## How to resolve

Open the report and make the required changes:

- If the report is in the Open status, ensure that it is submitted.
- If the report is in the Processing status, an admin or approver will need to approve it.

> Once complete, an admin must manually export the report to Xero by clicking the heading at the top of the expense and selecting Export. Then they’ll select Xero. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once complete, an admin must manually export the report to Xero by clicking the heading at the top of the expense and selecting Export. Then they'll select Xero. 
```
